Only find candidates that can't be built if there is no solution (#245)
ocamllabs/opam-monorepo: CHANGES.md

### Fixed

> - Only show an error that there are no packages that build with dune when there
>   is no solution. The code would otherwise report an that no packages build
>   with dune if the selected package builds with dune, leading to confusion.
>   (#245, @Leonidas-from-XIV)

Reviewer: What would you think of this phrasing instead:
```suggestion
- Fix a bug where a package which had a single version that built with dune and got selected by the solver
  would be reported has having no version building with dune. (#245, @Leonidas-from-XIV)
```
I think it make it a bit clearer what the bug was.
